What proteins are related to Alzheimer's disease?
What proteins are related to Alzheimers disease?
What is the function of protein P53?
What is the structure of human hemoglobin?
List all proteins involved in glycolysis.
What is the UniProt ID for insulin?
Retrieve all proteins in Homo sapiens with a known 3D structure.
What is the protein sequence of bovine serum albumin?
What are the post-translational modifications of P53?
Retrieve proteins involved in apoptosis in Mus musculus.
Show proteins in Saccharomyces cerevisiae that bind ATP.
What proteins are part of the human mitochondrial proteome?
List enzymes involved in DNA replication in E. coli.
Retrieve all proteins with catalytic activity in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Which human proteins interact with P53?
What is the gene name for protein Q9H0K1 in humans?
List all proteins expressed in the human liver.
What is the molecular weight of P53 protein?
Find all membrane proteins in Drosophila melanogaster.
What proteins are involved in the MAP kinase pathway in humans?
Show all proteins with zinc-binding domains in Homo sapiens.
Retrieve proteins localized in the nucleus of human cells.
Show proteins that are G-protein coupled receptors (GPCRs) in mice.
Which proteins are secreted by E. coli?
Find all proteins that contain a WD40 repeat.
Retrieve proteins involved in autophagy in yeast.
What are the isoforms of human P53 protein?
Show all proteins in humans with a phosphorylation site.
Retrieve proteins in humans that bind DNA.
Find proteins that are involved in the circadian rhythm in Drosophila.
What is the length of the insulin protein sequence?
Show proteins involved in lipid metabolism in plants.
Retrieve all proteins with disulfide bonds in humans.
Find proteins in bacteria with oxidoreductase activity.
List all proteins involved in the TCA cycle in yeast.
Show proteins in Homo sapiens with N-linked glycosylation sites.
What is the function of human albumin?
List all proteins involved in photosynthesis in plants.
Retrieve all kinases in humans.
Show proteins in humans that are involved in the immune response.
Find all heat shock proteins in Drosophila.
List proteins associated with Huntington's disease.
What is the role of the protein encoded by BRCA1?
Retrieve proteins with SH3 domains in Mus musculus.
Find all proteins with a transmembrane domain in E. coli.
Show all ubiquitin-related proteins in humans.
Retrieve all proteins involved in cell cycle regulation in Homo sapiens.
List proteins with heme-binding activity in Drosophila.
Show proteins with calcium ion-binding activity in humans.
Find proteins with GTPase activity in yeast.
Show all proteins with known 3D structures in zebrafish.
Retrieve proteins with catalytic activity localized to the mitochondria in humans.
List all proteins in Homo sapiens that are involved in signal transduction pathways.
What are the orthologs of human P53 in Mus musculus and Danio rerio?
Find proteins in Arabidopsis thaliana that are involved in the response to oxidative stress.
Show all proteins involved in iron transport in plants.
List all proteins with serine/threonine kinase activity in humans.
Retrieve proteins that are involved in neurotransmitter release in mice.
Find proteins in Drosophila melanogaster that have DNA-binding domains and are transcription factors.
What proteins in E. coli are involved in antibiotic resistance?
Show proteins that are secreted and involved in the immune response in humans.
Retrieve all proteins involved in the Wnt signaling pathway in zebrafish.
Find proteins in Saccharomyces cerevisiae involved in chromatin remodeling.
Show proteins with ubiquitin ligase activity in humans.
List proteins in Mus musculus with ATPase activity and localized to the plasma membrane.
Retrieve all enzymes involved in lipid biosynthesis in bacteria.
What human proteins interact with viral proteins?
List all proteins in Homo sapiens that are annotated with a GO term related to apoptosis.
Show proteins involved in RNA splicing in plants.
Retrieve proteins with signal peptides that are involved in protein transport in humans.
Find proteins that are methyltransferases in yeast.
What is the subcellular localization of the proteins involved in photosynthesis in plants?
Show proteins involved in DNA repair in humans.
List proteins in mice that are involved in insulin signaling.
Retrieve proteins involved in muscle contraction in Drosophila.
Show all proteins in humans with tyrosine phosphorylation sites.
What are the paralogs of the human BRCA1 protein?
Find proteins in zebrafish involved in embryonic development.
Retrieve proteins in Arabidopsis thaliana with roles in cell wall biosynthesis.
Show proteins involved in vesicle-mediated transport in humans.
List proteins with oxidoreductase activity in bacteria.
Find proteins with iron-sulfur cluster binding in Drosophila melanogaster.
Show all proteins with ATP-binding domains in zebrafish.
What proteins are involved in protein degradation in Mus musculus?
Retrieve proteins that are part of the endoplasmic reticulum membrane in humans.
Find all proteins in Homo sapiens that are involved in mitosis.
Show proteins in yeast involved in RNA degradation.
List all proteins with acetylation as a post-translational modification in humans.
Retrieve proteins involved in DNA methylation in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Find proteins with thioredoxin activity in E. coli.
Show proteins with RNA-binding activity in zebrafish.
List all glycosylated proteins in Mus musculus.
Retrieve proteins involved in nucleotide metabolism in plants.
What proteins in humans are associated with protein-protein interactions?
Find proteins with calcium-binding domains in yeast.
Show proteins in zebrafish that are involved in sensory perception.
Retrieve proteins with hydrolase activity localized to the lysosome in humans.
Find proteins in humans that are involved in the regulation of transcription.
Show proteins that are membrane-bound and involved in cell signaling in plants.
Retrieve proteins with a kinase domain and catalytic activity in Drosophila.
What proteins in yeast are part of the ribosome?
Retrieve proteins with catalytic activity localized to the mitochondria in humans.
Retrieve human protein kinases
Show me all the human, reviewed proteins which have an experimental CC subunit but not a CC INTERACTION line
Retrieve multidrug antibiotic resistance-related proteins in reference proteome for Klebsiella pneumoniae
Find genes that are causally connected to xeroderma pigmentosum
What proteins are involved in Cystic Fibrosis?
What information is there on variant dbSNP rs63750001 in human Presenilin-1?
Reviewed entries for gene DSG2
Proteins with ligase function in humans
List all ATG7 entries that have an active site annotation and are reviewed (in SwissProt)
Retrieve all C. elegans proteins with experimental evidence for Function
Retrieve all proteins in Japanese rice encoded in the chloroplast
Retrice all D.melanogaster proteins with direct protein sequencing evidence
retrieve UniProt entry for SEP-1 in C. elegans
Retrieve entries for  rat TCF25
Retrieve entries which have a transit peptide & removal of initiator methionine
Retrieve proteins from rabbit proteome that are 200-500 amino acids long and contain transmembrane helixes
Find all protein from arthropods that contain IPR002413 signature
Find all proteins for Plasmodium falciparum 3d7 isolate that have crystal structures